tommy vercetti yet then they never let
him out he kept his head down helps
people forget people will remember soon
enough when I see him walking down the
streets of their neighborhoods it will
be bad for business well what are we
gonna do Sonny we treat them like an old
friend and keep them busy out of town ok
we've been talking about a spanning down
south right by city it's 24-karat gold
these days the Colombians the Mexicans
help even those Cuban refugees are
cutting themselves a piece of some nice
action but it's all drugs Sonny none of
the families will touch that shit time
to changing the families can't keep the
backs turned while I enemies reap the
rewards so we send someone down to do
the dirty work force and cut ourselves a
nice quiet slice ok who's our contact
down there ken Rosenberg mark of a
lawyer how's he gonna hold the city's
leash we don't need him to we just set
him loose in vice city we give a little
cash to get started okay give it a few
months then we go down pay him a little
visit right see how he's done hey guys
it's uh Ken Rosenberg here hey hey hey
great hey well I'm gonna drive you guys
to the meet okay now I've talked to the
suppliers and they are very keen to
start a business relationship so uh if
all goes well we should be doing very
nice to her ourselves which is you know
okay so they're brothers okay one
operates the the business and the other
one does okay that's them in the chopper
all right here's the deal they want a
straight exchange on open ground all
right okay stay tight let's go
got it one hundred percent pure grade a
cologne beyond my friend let me say it
their greens 10 to 20 s used I think we
have a deal my friend hahahaha
what
I poked my head out of the gutter for
one freaking second and fate shovels
shit in my face go get some sleep what
are you gonna do I'll drop by your
office tomorrow we can start sorting
this mess out
we interrupt your programming with a
message from the State Department all
bridges and some roads in the vice city
metropolitan area had been closed
because of a severe weather wound
meteorologists are tracking hurricane
for Miami which devastated five
Caribbean islands and is heading for by
city more updates soon
but it is boiling in here
taking it off to this next record it is
hot baby
yours come here you are stupid hello
Sonny Tommy Tommy it's been too long I
know I know you're just overwhelmed with
emotion 15 years seems like only
yesterday I guess that's a perspective
thing hey doing time for the family is
no piece of cake but the family looks
after its own okay it's not the deal go
down you sitting on some white gold look
Sonny we were set up that deal was an
ambush Harry and Lee are dead better be
kidding me Tommy tell me you still got
the money no Sonny I don't have the
money that was my money Tommy nice money
you better not be schooling me tell me
because you know I'm not a man to be
screwed with wait buddy you have my
personal assurance I'm gonna get you
your money back and the drugs and I'm
gonna mail you the dicks of those we
spot the way I already know that you're
not a fool tell me but I warn here
neither am i if it was anybody else
you'll be dead already but because it's
you because we got history I'm gonna let
you handle this look honey got my word
I'm being touch